README.adoc, before:

= [WIP] vim-select: fuzzy select file/buffer/MRU/etc

Plugin works with recent (nightly) vim having `matchfuzzypos()` function and
`prompt-buffer` feature implemented.

For buffers, MRU and commands it lets you narrow down the list with fuzzy
matching and select with `<CR>` or `<Tab>` if only 1 candidate is in the list.

For files it will let you go to parent directory with `<BS>` and to selected
directory with `<CR>`.


image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/234774/95853492-30b22400-0d5e-11eb-9a18-934752f5c22f.gif[]

== Installation

If you use package/plugin manager, consult their documentation.

For manual installation clone this repository to your
`~/.vim/pack/plugins/start/` path, where `plugins` subdirectory is arbitrary.

NOTE: for windows users replace `~/.vim` to `~/vimfiles`.


== Mappings

There are no default global mappings, add your own

.Safe (will not create mappings if plugin was not loaded)
[source,vim]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" add it to ~/.vim/after/plugin/select.vim
if exists("g:loaded_select")
    nmap <leader>f <Plug>(SelectFile)
    nmap <leader>p <Plug>(SelectProjectFile)
    nmap <leader>b <Plug>(SelectBuffer)
    nmap <leader>m <Plug>(SelectMRU)
    nmap <leader>; <Plug>(SelectCmd)
endif
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

or 

.Regular
[source,vim]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" add it to your vimrc
nmap <leader>f <Plug>(SelectFile)
nmap <leader>p <Plug>(SelectProjectFile)
nmap <leader>b <Plug>(SelectBuffer)
nmap <leader>m <Plug>(SelectMRU)
nmap <leader>; <Plug>(SelectCmd)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Select window has default mappings:

* `<CR>` to open/execute current item.
* `<S-CR>` or `<C-s>` to open current item in split.
* `<C-v>` to open current item in vertical split.
* `<ESC>` to close the select window.
* `<TAB>` select next item in the list, for a single item it will open/execute
  it.
* `<BS>` open parent directory. Only for `SelectFile`.
* `<C-n>` or `<Down>` select next item.
* `<C-p>` or `<Up>` select previous item.
* `<PageUp>` scroll up select window.
* `<PageDown>` scroll down select window.



== Commands

* `:Select` file from current file directory.
* `:Select file` from current file directory.
* `:Select projectfile` from current working directory(and sub-directories)
* `:Select buffer` from buffer list.
* `:Select mru` from `v:oldfiles`.
* `:Select command` from `:ex` and execute it without parameters.
* `:Select colors` and apply it.
* `:SelectFile` from current file directory. Or from directory passed as an
  argument.
* `:SelectProjectFile` from current working directory(and sub-directories). Or
  from directory passed as an argument.


NOTE: `:SelectProjectFile` and `:Select projectfile` only work if `ripgrep` or
`fd` is installed.

Commit message:

docs: remove [WIP]
Add info about ripgrep or fd for a project wide file search.

README.adoc, after:

= vim-select: fuzzy select file/buffer/MRU/etc

Plugin works with recent (nightly) vim having `matchfuzzypos()` function and
`prompt-buffer` feature implemented.

For buffers, MRU and commands it lets you narrow down the list with fuzzy
matching and select with `<CR>` or `<Tab>` if only 1 candidate is in the list.

For files it will let you go to parent directory with `<BS>` and to selected
directory with `<CR>`.

Project wide file search uses either `ripgrep` or `fd` tool so be sure you have
one of them installed on your system. By default it uses vim current working
directory as a project root.


image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/234774/95853492-30b22400-0d5e-11eb-9a18-934752f5c22f.gif[]

== Installation

If you use package/plugin manager, consult their documentation.

For manual installation clone this repository to your
`~/.vim/pack/plugins/start/` path, where `plugins` subdirectory is arbitrary.

NOTE: for windows users replace `~/.vim` to `~/vimfiles`.


== Mappings

There are no default global mappings, add your own

.Safe (will not create mappings if plugin was not loaded)
[source,vim]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" add it to ~/.vim/after/plugin/select.vim
if exists("g:loaded_select")
    nmap <leader>f <Plug>(SelectFile)
    nmap <leader>p <Plug>(SelectProjectFile)
    nmap <leader>b <Plug>(SelectBuffer)
    nmap <leader>m <Plug>(SelectMRU)
    nmap <leader>; <Plug>(SelectCmd)
endif
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

or 

.Regular
[source,vim]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" add it to your vimrc
nmap <leader>f <Plug>(SelectFile)
nmap <leader>p <Plug>(SelectProjectFile)
nmap <leader>b <Plug>(SelectBuffer)
nmap <leader>m <Plug>(SelectMRU)
nmap <leader>; <Plug>(SelectCmd)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Select window has default mappings:

* `<CR>` to open/execute current item.
* `<S-CR>` or `<C-s>` to open current item in split.
* `<C-v>` to open current item in vertical split.
* `<ESC>` to close the select window.
* `<TAB>` select next item in the list, for a single item it will open/execute
  it.
* `<BS>` open parent directory. Only for `SelectFile`.
* `<C-n>` or `<Down>` select next item.
* `<C-p>` or `<Up>` select previous item.
* `<PageUp>` scroll up select window.
* `<PageDown>` scroll down select window.



== Commands

* `:Select` file from current file directory.
* `:Select file` from current file directory.
* `:Select projectfile` from current working directory(and sub-directories)
* `:Select buffer` from buffer list.
* `:Select mru` from `v:oldfiles`.
* `:Select command` from `:ex` and execute it without parameters.
* `:Select colors` and apply it.
* `:SelectFile` from current file directory. Or from directory passed as an
  argument.
* `:SelectProjectFile` from current working directory(and sub-directories). Or
  from directory passed as an argument.


NOTE: `:SelectProjectFile` and `:Select projectfile` only work if `ripgrep` or
`fd` is installed.
